# ProsaCodeTest
This is a repository for a test run of Prosa code competition

**NetBeans project**



Assignment: 
Upload your answers to your git repository, including the result video no later than April 18th 12:00.
You decide which code language you want to use.



Exercises:
1. Generate a name using stars (*) for the letters and hyphens (-) for everything else. The name can be
generated by user input or be decided in advance, it is up to you.
Example name: ALEX

        - - * - - * - - - * * * - * - * -
        - * - * - * - - - * - - - * - * -
        - * * * - * - - - * * - - - * - -
        - * - * - * - - - * - - - * - * -
        - * - * - * * * - * * * - * - * -

_Note for edit: I have chosen to use # instead of * since I find it easier to read when written in the console_

        - * * * -   - # # # -
        * - - - *   # - - - #
        * - - - *   # - - - #
        * * * * *   # # # # #
        * - - - *   # - - - #
        * - - - *   # - - - #
        * - - - *   # - - - #


_I have also changed the size of all the letters from 3x5 to 5x7 due to some readability in certain letters such as M_

        # - #   # - - - #
        
        # # #   # # - # #
        
        # - #   # - # - #
        
        # - #   # - - - #
        
        # - #   # - - - #
        
                # - - - #
                
                # - - - #



2. Now, imagine the stars (*[#]) as being alive cells, and the hyphens (-) as being dead cells. A cell can
change state (dead or alive) depending on their surroundings, as the cells interact with their
neighbor cells (i.e., the eight surrounding cells: above, below, upper-left etc.). These interactions will
run in generations recursively until all cells are dead or the user stops the program. 

_[I have chaned this to only run 20 steps to avoid having to force shutdown the program in order to stop it]_

Use the name generated in exercise 1 to apply these rules of the state changes of the cells:

Rule 1: An alive cell with two or three alive neighbors stays alive.

Rule 2: An alive cell with less than two alive neighbors dies.

Rule 3: An alive cell with more than three alive neighbors dies.

Rule 4: A dead cell with three alive neighbors becomes alive.


Each generation should be shown in some way when running the program. This can be done in any
way you want (e.g. GUI, writing to a terminal, etc.)



3. Result video: Make a video where you run the program at least 3 times
